No injury
Hahahaha
Lu Ran, I didn't expect it.
You were sent to death so soon
To take a force
I naturally want to be fast
Are you too confident?
My sister Han is also the fourth family in the capital
Do you think we are not responsible at all?
Really?
What's the result?
I today
Let you see the real master of the Han family
Huber
But
This kid is stronger than me
big believers
You will be able to
Don't worry, young master
In less than 10 rounds
I will definitely take this kid down for you
Well, since you're so confident
Then let you know
What is true strength?
You're pretty crazy now, aren't you?
I have to wait a while before kneeling at my feet and begging for mercy
Injustice is more valuable
Then you kneel down